Mentally and physically, you are the busy, little bee. You are constantly in motion with many and various activities, usually several at a time. You are happiest when busy and you hate boredom.

Your mind is alert, active, and constantly seeking to learn more. You absorb knowledge like a sponge and you will debate and argue with anyone who wants a mental sparring match.

A great deal of nervous tension or anxiety can exist with this position and it is important that you get regular exercise to relieve the stress. You talk with your hands and may be ambidextrous or have mechanical ability.

There is a need to think before acting and to have patience so that you keep yourself out of trouble. Sometimes you just do things for the sake of doing something and this is not always a good idea. Look before you leap.

You like to initiate ideas and spread information. You are assertive, although you can resort to evasive behavior. Travel appeals to you because you never know what you might learn or who you might meet.

Burns or accidents can occur to the shoulders or arms, probably due to haste. You can accomplish a lot in short bursts, but projects that require long-term commitment, stamina, and steady, persistent effort are not easy for you. You often scatter your energies into so many directions and activities at once that you cannot finish or follow through on some of them. You need variety, change, and mental challenges.

Your mind is sharp and you enjoy mental challenges, games, or competitions. Matching wits with someone else really brings out the competitor in you. Your drive and energy is more mental than physical. You use your wit, intelligence, communication skills, social sophistication, and awareness to achieve your goals. Sarcasm and humor come easy to you. You need to learn how to conserve energy so you don't burn out and concentration so you will complete projects and carry through on promises.