Sun in Aries 

You can be inspirational, courageous, enthusiastic, original, independent, impatient, aggressive, headstrong, selfish, self-centered, and impulsive. Your energies are directed toward building a new individuality, thus all your energies are directed towards yourself and what you want. 

You likes roles where your leadership abilities are put on display. You have executive and organizing ability which is mainly directed in starting things. Sustaining projects is not your strength, but initiating projects is. The tendency to "damn the torpedoes" and ram full-speed ahead must be controlled. You are capable of great accomplishments if you learn how to constructively use your abundant energies. 

You are naturally enthusiastic and are always ready for activity and competition. You are inspiring to others because of these tendencies. Ideas and creative projects seem to flow from you in a never-ending stream.  You are full of energy and never lack courage.

Because you can be pretty self-centered, you must remember that other people may have good ideas and can assume responsibility and leadership roles, too. Your natural tendency is to stand alone and do everything yourself. But cooperation with others can be very effective in getting things done to the end rather than simply starting things and quitting before completion. You have a tendency to start a project, then to suddenly lose interest in it if progress is too slow or things have become too complicated.

You are an assertive and freedom-loving individual. You have a strong need for independence, and may tend to display self-concern assertively.

You are very straight-forward and are neither subtle nor devious. You say what's on your mind and you pull no punches. You don't hold grudges and although you can get quite angry, you do not hold it in and stew about what bothers you. You blow in and out like some great Midwestern thunderstorm. It may be violent while it lasts, but it is usually over quickly.

You are prone to headaches due to tension. You are usually aggressive in relationships and generally take the lead. You go after what interests you and the chase may be more fun for you than the conquest.

Four things you should learn are patience, conservation of energy, completion, and control of temper.